docs(@nestjs/swagger): document description support in @ApiSchema (#3157)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/openapi/types-and-parameters.md

```

The model above will be translated into the `CreateCatRequest` schema.

> By default, no description is added to the generated schema. You can add one like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, no description is added to the generated schema. You can add one using the `description` attribute:
```

```typescript
@ApiSchema({ description: 'Description of the CreateCatDto schema' })
class CreateCatDto {}
```

> That way, the description will be rendered like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That way, the description will be included in the schema, as follows:
```
